all right swung by to talk us through
that but first of all I mean jano said
that when he saw it he had no subs f
when he is still going to put your
number up and bring you off will you
make it that oh I've not got much to
make of it to be honest my iop doesn't
carry through these threats of saying
it's my last my last game for England
and hope not but I had no intention of
doing the dive again thought I just
thought was a lot of a lot of talk about
it so might as well go with it and just
sum up the day and sum up the form
you're in in terms of creditors in world
rugby you've got to be right up there
it's not something I think about like
that to be honest I mean it was a great
team performance and we we did what we
wanted to do and I was just on the end
of a few jars come on someone else like
I said we've heard that Alex Corbisiero
made quite a specials of debut song and
dressing room after king he tells
describes what it was like I've heard
he's quite the rapper and he made up his
own is what his own rap and it was it
was impressive you've got a lot of
parade and stuff thrown over and what a
carry on doing it I was impressed by my
Ringo an album you never know for the
next 50 cent it all serious now to game
there two wins out to work how much
momentum can you take into it to France
now a lot may I mean it's good to win it
twickenham it's always good to an inch
working a marine from last week and then
building on this week as well we've got
another week off now so we can focus on
France and we're going well in a minute
teams going well we're all betting off
each other so as hope it goes on that
way that means you not just to try here
you always seem to pop up when England
derisive playing well
flow from Florida mmm you see what that
or I'm really desperate justice your
eyes I think that's that's what it is
and I find myself not even just thinking
just running across the pitch and do
anything to get a try so as long as I
get on the end of the trial not to be
bothered hopefully a lot more I mean we
did exactly what we want to do this week
and that's always a good thing I mean I
thought Italy stood well in in the first
first first 60 minutes they keep all of
the ball well and Tessie defense I
thought I defense as well put up himself
well today and the lads made space when
they needed to metod space when we
finished our chances Cueto's try make
your day it did way around a long way in
as well let the celebrations often spoke
volumes and because everybody part on
top of the same score a good game Chris
yeah seriously it was great it was not
it is great it is great especially when
he's getting old as well these days and
he's been it's been very upset about our
child yourself I'm just glad hopefully
I'll be a happier man no thang